echo "

address-info.nse, discovery
auth-owners.nse, discovery
banner.nse, discovery
broadcast-ataoe-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-avahi-dos.nse, discovery
broadcast-bjnp-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-db2-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-dhcp6-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-dhcp-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-dns-service-discovery.nse, discovery, dns
broadcast-dropbox-listener.nse, discovery
broadcast-eigrp-discovery.nse, discovery
broadcast-igmp-discovery.nse, discovery
broadcast-listener.nse, discovery
broadcast-ms-sql-discover.nse, discovery, sql
broadcast-netbios-master-browser.nse, discovery
broadcast-networker-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-novell-locate.nse, discovery
broadcast-pc-anywhere.nse, discovery
broadcast-pc-duo.nse, discovery
broadcast-pim-discovery.nse, discovery
broadcast-ping.nse, discovery
broadcast-pppoe-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-rip-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-ripng-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-sybase-asa-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-tellstick-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-upnp-info.nse, discovery, pnp
broadcast-versant-locate.nse, discovery
broadcast-wake-on-lan.nse, discovery
broadcast-wpad-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-wsdd-discover.nse, discovery
broadcast-xdmcp-discover.nse, discovery
cccam-version.nse
citrix-enum-apps.nse, citrix, citrix)
citrix-enum-apps-xml.nse, citrix)
citrix-enum-servers.nse, citrix)
citrix-enum-servers-xml.nse, citrix)
couchdb-databases.nse
couchdb-stats.nse
cups-info.nse, cups
cups-queue-info.nse, cups
daap-get-library.nse
daytime.nse
db2-das-info.nse
dhcp-discover.nse
dict-info.nse
distcc-cve2004-2687.nse
dns-blacklist.nse, dns
dns-cache-snoop.nse, dns
dns-check-zone.nse, dns
dns-client-subnet-scan.nse, dns
dns-fuzz.nse, dns
dns-ip6-arpa-scan.nse, dns
dns-nsec3-enum.nse, dns
dns-nsec-enum.nse, dns
dns-nsid.nse, dns
dns-random-srcport.nse, dns
dns-random-txid.nse, dns
dns-recursion.nse, dns
dns-service-discovery.nse, dns
dns-srv-enum.nse, dns
dns-update.nse, dns
dns-zeustracker.nse, dns
dns-zone-transfer.nse, dns
domcon-cmd.nse
fcrdns.nse, dns
finger.nse
firewalk.nse
firewall-bypass.nse
ftp-anon.nse, ftp
ftp-bounce.nse, ftp
ftp-libopie.nse, ftp
ftp-proftpd-backdoor.nse, ftp
ftp-vsftpd-backdoor.nse, ftp
ftp-vuln-cve2010-4221.nse, ftp
hddtemp-info.nse
http-adobe-coldfusion-apsa1301.nse, http)
http-affiliate-id.nse, http)
http-apache-negotiation.nse, http)
http-auth-finder.nse, http)
http-auth.nse, http)
http-avaya-ipoffice-users.nse, http)
http-awstatstotals-exec.nse, http)
http-axis2-dir-traversal.nse, http)
http-backup-finder.nse, http)
http-barracuda-dir-traversal.nse, http)
http-cakephp-version.nse, http)
http-chrono.nse, http)
http-cisco-anyconnect.nse, http)
http-coldfusion-subzero.nse, http)
http-comments-displayer.nse, http)
http-config-backup.nse, http)
http-cors.nse, http)
http-crossdomainxml.nse, http)
http-csrf.nse, http)
http-date.nse, http)
http-default-accounts.nse, http)
http-devframework.nse, http)
http-dlink-backdoor.nse, http)
http-dombased-xss.nse, http)
http-domino-enum-passwords.nse, http)
http-drupal-enum-users.nse, http)
http-drupal-modules.nse, http)
http-email-harvest.nse, http)
http-enum.nse, http)
http-errors.nse, http)
http-exif-spider.nse, http)
http-favicon.nse, http)
http-feed.nse, http)
http-fileupload-exploiter.nse, http)
http-form-fuzzer.nse, http)
http-frontpage-login.nse, http)
http-generator.nse, http)
http-git.nse, http)
http-gitweb-projects-enum.nse, http)
http-google-malware.nse, http)
http-grep.nse, http)
http-headers.nse, http)
http-huawei-hg5xx-vuln.nse, http)
http-icloud-findmyiphone.nse, http)
http-icloud-sendmsg.nse, http)
http-iis-webdav-vuln.nse, http)
http-litespeed-sourcecode-download.nse, http)
http-majordomo2-dir-traversal.nse, http)
http-malware-host.nse, http)
http-methods.nse, http)
http-method-tamper.nse, http)
http-mobileversion-checker.nse, http)
http-ntlm-info.nse, http)
http-open-proxy.nse, http)
http-open-redirect.nse, http)
http-passwd.nse, http)
http-phpmyadmin-dir-traversal.nse, http)
http-phpself-xss.nse, http)
http-php-version.nse, http)
http-put.nse, http)
http-qnap-nas-info.nse, http)
http-referer-checker.nse, http)
http-rfi-spider.nse, http)
http-robots.txt.nse, http)
http-robtex-reverse-ip.nse, http)
http-robtex-shared-ns.nse, http)
http-server-header.nse, http)
http-shellshock.nse, http)
http-sitemap-generator.nse, http)
http-slowloris-check.nse, http)
http-slowloris.nse, http)
http-sql-injection.nse, http), sql
http-stored-xss.nse, http)
http-title.nse, http)
http-tplink-dir-traversal.nse, http)
http-trace.nse, http)
http-traceroute.nse, http)
http-unsafe-output-escaping.nse, http)
http-useragent-tester.nse, http)
http-userdir-enum.nse, http)
http-vhosts.nse, http)
http-virustotal.nse, http)
http-vlcstreamer-ls.nse, http)
http-vmware-path-vuln.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2006-3392.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2009-3960.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2010-0738.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2010-2861.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2011-3192.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2011-3368.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2012-1823.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2013-0156.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2013-7091.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2014-2126.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2014-2127.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2014-2128.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2014-2129.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2015-1427.nse, http)
http-vuln-cve2015-1635.nse, http)
http-vuln-misfortune-cookie.nse, http)
http-vuln-wnr1000-creds.nse, http)
http-waf-detect.nse, http)
http-waf-fingerprint.nse, http)
http-wordpress-enum.nse, http), rdp
http-wordpress-users.nse, http), rdp
http-xssed.nse, http)
ike-version.nse
imap-capabilities.nse, imap
ip-forwarding.nse
ipidseq.nse
irc-info.nse, irc
irc-unrealircd-backdoor.nse, irc
iscsi-info.nse
krb5-enum-users.nse, ldap
ldap-novell-getpass.nse, ldap
ldap-rootdse.nse, ldap
ldap-search.nse, ldap
lexmark-config.nse
llmnr-resolve.nse
lltd-discovery.nse
maxdb-info.nse
membase-http-info.nse, http)
memcached-info.nse
metasploit-info.nse
mmouse-exec.nse
modbus-discover.nse
mongodb-databases.nse, mongo
mongodb-info.nse, mongo
msrpc-enum.nse
ms-sql-config.nse, sql
ms-sql-dac.nse, sql
ms-sql-dump-hashes.nse, sql
ms-sql-empty-password.nse, sql
ms-sql-hasdbaccess.nse, sql
ms-sql-info.nse, sql
ms-sql-query.nse, sql
ms-sql-tables.nse, sql
ms-sql-xp-cmdshell.nse, sql
mysql-audit.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-databases.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-dump-hashes.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-empty-password.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-enum.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-info.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-query.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-users.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-variables.nse, mysql, sql
mysql-vuln-cve2012-2122.nse, mysql, sql
nat-pmp-info.nse, discovery
nat-pmp-mapport.nse, discovery
nbstat.nse
ncp-enum-users.nse, ncp
ncp-serverinfo.nse, ncp
ndmp-fs-info.nse
ndmp-version.nse
netbus-auth-bypass.nse, netbus
netbus-info.nse, netbus
netbus-version.nse, netbus
nfs-ls.nse, nfs
nfs-showmount.nse, nfs
nfs-statfs.nse, nfs
nrpe-enum.nse
ntp-info.nse
ntp-monlist.nse
omp2-enum-targets.nse
omron-info.nse
openlookup-info.nse
oracle-enum-users.nse, oracle
ovs-agent-version.nse
p2p-conficker.nse
path-mtu.nse
pjl-ready-message.nse
pop3-capabilities.nse, pop3
pptp-version.nse
qconn-exec.nse
qscan.nse
quake1-info.nse
quake3-info.nse
quake3-master-getservers.nse
rdp-enum-encryption.nse, rdp
rdp-vuln-ms12-020.nse, rdp
realvnc-auth-bypass.nse, vnc
redis-info.nse
resolveall.nse
reverse-index.nse
rfc868-time.nse
riak-http-info.nse, http)
rmi-dumpregistry.nse
rmi-vuln-classloader.nse, ssl
rpcap-info.nse
rpc-grind.nse
rpcinfo.nse
rsync-list-modules.nse
rtsp-methods.nse
s7-info.nse
samba-vuln-cve-2012-1182.nse
script.db
servicetags.nse
sip-call-spoof.nse
sip-enum-users.nse
sip-methods.nse
skypev2-version.nse
smb-check-vulns.nse, smb)
smb-enum-domains.nse, smb)
smb-enum-groups.nse, smb)
smb-enum-processes.nse, smb)
smb-enum-sessions.nse, smb)
smb-enum-shares.nse, smb)
smb-enum-users.nse, smb)
smb-flood.nse, smb)
smb-ls.nse, smb)
smb-mbenum.nse, smb)
smb-os-discovery.nse, smb)
smb-print-text.nse, smb)
smb-psexec.nse, smb)
smb-security-mode.nse, smb)
smb-server-stats.nse, smb)
smb-system-info.nse, smb)
smbv2-enabled.nse, smb)
smb-vuln-ms10-054.nse, smb)
smb-vuln-ms10-061.nse, smb)
smtp-commands.nse, smtp)
smtp-enum-users.nse, smtp)
smtp-open-relay.nse, smtp)
smtp-strangeport.nse, smtp)
smtp-vuln-cve2010-4344.nse, smtp)
smtp-vuln-cve2011-1720.nse, smtp)
smtp-vuln-cve2011-1764.nse, smtp)
sniffer-detect.nse, discovery
snmp-hh3c-logins.nse, snmp
snmp-info.nse, snmp
snmp-interfaces.nse, snmp
snmp-ios-config.nse, snmp
snmp-netstat.nse, snmp
snmp-processes.nse, snmp
snmp-sysdescr.nse, snmp
snmp-win32-services.nse, snmp
snmp-win32-shares.nse, snmp
snmp-win32-software.nse, snmp
snmp-win32-users.nse, snmp
socks-auth-info.nse
socks-open-proxy.nse
ssh2-enum-algos.nse, ssh
ssh-hostkey.nse, ssh
sshv1.nse, ssh
ssl-ccs-injection.nse, ssl
ssl-cert.nse, ssl
ssl-date.nse, ssl
ssl-enum-ciphers.nse, ssl
ssl-google-cert-catalog.nse, ssl
ssl-heartbleed.nse, ssl
ssl-known-key.nse, ssl
ssl-poodle.nse, ssl
sslv2.nse, ssl
sstp-discover.nse
stun-info.nse
stun-version.nse
targets-asn.nse
targets-sniffer.nse, discovery
targets-traceroute.nse
telnet-encryption.nse
tftp-enum.nse, ftp
tls-nextprotoneg.nse
upnp-info.nse, pnp
vnc-info.nse, vnc
vuze-dht-info.nse
wdb-version.nse
weblogic-t3-info.nse
wsdd-discover.nse
x11-access.nse
xmpp-info.nse, http " >> nses
